fix: Update README.md (#9546)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: README.md

  </a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk?tab=doc">
    <img alt="GoDoc" src="https://godoc.org/github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk?status.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk">
    <img alt="Go report card" src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/cosmos/cosmos-sdk">
    <img alt="Code Coverage" src="https://codecov.io/gh/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" />
  </a>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk">
    <img alt="Lines Of Code" src="https://tokei.rs/b1/github/cosmos/cosmos-sdk" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/AzefAFd">
    <img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/669268347736686612.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk?badge">
    <img alt="Imported by" src="https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/-/badge.svg" />
  </a>
    <img alt="Sims" src="https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/workflows/Sims/badge.svg" />
    <img alt="Lint Satus" src="https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/workflows/Lint/badge.svg" />

> </div>

Reviewer: I think removing this does not add value and others are in favor of keeping it.

> The Cosmos SDK is a framework for building public, application specific blockchains that can connect to one another using a protocol called [IBC](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc) in Go with [Tendermint consensus](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cosmos SDK is a framework for building public, application-specific blockchains in Go. Cosmos SDK applications are traditionally built on top of [Tendermint Core](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint) and can communicate with each other using a protocol called [IBC](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc).

```

> **Note**: Requires [Go 1.16+](https://golang.org/dl/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Requires [Go 1.15+](https://golang.org/dl/)

```
